v0.28 hebrew tokenizer (#1728)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/advanced/tokenization.md

## Deep dive: The Meilisearch tokenizer

> When you add documents to a Meilisearch index, the tokenization process is handled by an abstract interface called the tokenizer. The tokenizer is responsible for splitting each field by script (e.g., Latin alphabet, Chinese hanzi, etc.). It then applies the corresponding pipeline to each part of each field.

Reviewer: Changing `script` to `writing system` since I believe it to be more accurate for some languages (for instance, Japanese has three different sets of characters/scripts). 

I also specified that the pipeline applies to each **document** field. Not sure it's necessary, but I figure it doesn't hurt.

```suggestion
When you add documents to a Meilisearch index, the tokenization process is handled by an abstract interface called the tokenizer. The tokenizer is responsible for splitting each field by writing system (e.g. Latin alphabet, Chinese hanzi). It then applies the corresponding pipeline to each part of each document field.
```
